hello YouTube and the way their internet
community
this is calling here and I know I made a
video in a while and something about
quick updates or thing just got these in
the post today look at them the gorgeous
it's a design purpose I can't get them
and any my local guitar shops they seem
to either don't stock them or are always
out of stock of them so I ordered them
off the website I've got six this is the
ones they use for the band Dana ohhara
I'll put a link yeah there's a Facebook
you can go and visit the Facebook we're
just giving up to record and EP at the
moment so that's why I've got a bunch of
strings so I've got to set up a few
guitars soaking up different stones just
for the recording just just perfect it's
just as good on the strings right sure
about these you've seen these before but
no further on anywhere that's the
Scrushy Nick that's 24 frets
it's quick weight at the Nick burn
enough you watch the great thing it's
got a mahogany slab on top there dyed
red part of the enemies I've been
attending to the rest of it done they're
dressed covered on their probably yeah
that one
then I've got in it for another one was
about that square that Nick angora that
chunky less post everything when you got
the plastic binding which just okay
Donna from the end three dialers
headstock it's it's been sad Tibetan
some of the dice come off
anyways I start to go in again finding
that again trust cover to go over only
it one here pencil it every woman that's
not Nick don't most rubbish you're
drawing something else just me don't
like it possessions of things and
whatnot
what it all that like
that's around peace nobody cried deep
cut away there really and I've got
available contr position tissue cut sent
to the body can't make bail there so
from there at some point
that's the way as poor one and that's
ask if she's Explorer I can't listen as
long as in the front so again it's got
the elbow Condor and there sounds an
explorer shape on the back I've got
quite a generous time we cut and we
thought cut there quick get down the
side cuts sneaks it all over more
comfortable to play when it's all done
I'm still very finely coverton wood dust
I think all of the bid fun times
so that's those swing are those I've got
a mandolin defects I've still got a
couple of guitars to sit up I'm working
on check out the band all right check it
lays fist as well don't link to that not
much else to say that was that was all
get to stringing up guitars no and
brought its own strings best strings
iPhones so far I really like them I'm
loyal to them I'm very good very very
good um what was our best my arse go for
the rotors owns love these guys right
that's me